CV publish with filters takes much longer (#2603)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_content-filter-examples.adoc

Use any of the following examples with the procedure that follows to build custom content filters.

> NOTE: Filters can significantly increase Content View publishing time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Filters can significantly increase the time to publish a Content View.
```
